Ti=Payment of Fees

1.sec=Customer will pay Company the then applicable fees described in the Order Form for the Services and Implementation Services in accordance with the terms therein (the "Fees").  If Customer's use of the Services exceeds the Service Capacity set forth on the Order Form or otherwise requires the payment of additional fees (per the terms of this Agreement), Customer shall be billed for such usage and Customer agrees to pay the additional fees in the manner provided herein.  Company reserves the right to change the Fees or applicable charges and to institute new charges and Fees at the end of the Initial Service Term or then current renewal term, upon thirty (30) days prior notice to Customer (which may be sent by email). If Customer believes that Company has billed Customer incorrectly, Customer must contact Company no later than 60 days after the closing date on the first billing statement in which the error or problem appeared, in order to receive an adjustment or credit.  Inquiries should be directed to Company's customer support department.

2.sec=Company may choose to bill through an invoice, in which case, full payment for invoices issued in any given month must be received by Company thirty (30) days after the mailing date of the invoice.  Unpaid amounts are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% per month on any outstanding balance, or the maximum permitted by law, whichever is lower, plus all expenses of collection and may result in immediate termination of Service. Customer shall be responsible for all taxes associated with Services other than U.S. taxes based on Company's net income.  

=[Z/Sec/s2] 
